Added info on supported Ubuntu versions (#9940)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/hassio/installation.markdown

  Some distributions, like Ubuntu, have a `docker.io` package available. Using that packages will cause issues!
  Be sure to install the official Docker-CE from the above listed URL.
  

>   Docker is not always ready with a release when a new Ubuntu version is out. Check if your version of Ubuntu is supported by docker [here](https://docs.docker.com/install/linux/docker-ce/ubuntu/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Docker might not be supporting your operating system of choice. Check the [Docker documentation](https://docs.docker.com/install/#supported-platforms) and make sure your system is supported.
```

Reviewer: Added suggestion to even remove Ubuntu out of it.

Author: Isn’t it a bit awkward to remove Ubuntu from the description and still link to the Ubuntu specific documentation?

Reviewer: Agreed, adjusted.
